MondayMemory – Terms of Service

Effective Date: January 2026

By using MondayMemory (“the Service”), you agree to the following terms.

1. Acceptable Use

You agree to use MondayMemory in a lawful, respectful manner.

You may not use the Service to:

Violate Discord’s Terms of Service or Community Guidelines
Harass, abuse, threaten, or harm others
Engage in illegal activity
Attempt to disrupt, exploit, or reverse-engineer the Service
Use the Service in a way that could reasonably get it suspended or banned by Discord or other platform providers

In short: be excellent, don’t be weird, don’t be illegal.

2. App Compliance

MondayMemory operates as a App-integrated service. For any service (or future service) that has been or may be implemented (including, but not limited to, Discord), the user agrees to follow the applications’s
Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, and Developer Policies at all times.

If Discord doesn’t like what you’re doing, neither do we.

3. Data & Memory Storage

MondayMemory stores user-submitted content (including messages or summaries) solely to provide its intended functionality.

You are responsible for the content you submit.

We do not guarantee permanent storage, accuracy, or recall of data.

You should not rely on the Service as your sole source of record for critical or sensitive information.

4. Service Availability

The Service is provided on a best-effort basis.

We do not guarantee uptime, availability, or data durability.

Features may change, break, or disappear without notice.

The Service may be suspended or discontinued at any time.

5. Termination

We reserve the right to suspend or terminate access to the Service if you:

Violate these terms
Violate Discord’s rules
Put the Service or its platform access at risk

No drama, no debates.

6. Disclaimer

The Service is provided “as is”, without warranties of any kind.

We are not responsible for:

Lost data

Incorrect summaries

Misuse of the Service

Decisions made based on the Service’s output

Use common sense.

7. Limitation of Liability

To the maximum extent permitted by law, MondayMemory shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, or consequential damages arising from use of the Service.

8. Changes to These Terms

These terms may be updated from time to time. Continued use of the Service constitutes acceptance of the updated terms.

9. Contact

If something is broken or concerning, reach out before doing something dumb.

Contact: mm-llm-email@proton.me
